Feb 11, 2021 Release Notes (#595)
firebase/extensions: firestore-send-email/CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.1.8

> fixed - Removed code coverage check on ci

Reviewer: CI?

Reviewer 2: how about:

```
docs: updated postinstall instructions to clarify which ports are recommended for SMTP connections
```

> 

Author: @jhuleatt 
If we remove the ci change, then there are no changes. How do we want to represent that here?

> docs - updated postinstall instructions to clarify which ports are recommended for SMTP connections (#582)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docs - updated "SMTP connection URI" parameter description to clarify which ports are recommended for SMTP connections (#582)
```
